we're here at CES 2024 except it's not
CES and it's not 2024 yet because MSI
has brought the show to us early and
they sponsor this video we're going to
check out a bunch of their brand new
laptops and I am super excited about
this incredibly specific worlds first
this right here is the world's first
seamless RGB haptic touch pet we have
seen many of those things before but not
all of them together so they get the
first this laptop is incredibly beastly
and I know that because it has a 400 W
charger I have never seen something this
powerful before and particularly it's
not even that big in the past they have
to have two bricks for a laptop like
this but not anymore with a power brick
that chunky you know that we have some
real powerful components in this thing
which of course we do an i
94900 HX which is 24 cores two of which
can go up to 5.8 GHz and then all of the
peak course can go up to
5.2 in a laptop that's this big like it
it is heavy if I'm honest it's it's very
far from light but like has that in a
490 into it the total wattage of this
thing is
270 watts and I have no clue how they
have been able to tame that we'll find
out very soon though first it has a
cherry keyboard in it could MSI have
fixed their keyboard
woses
I think the sound says it all just can
can you hear this
like oh yeah oh it's just as satisfying
as it sounds this is genuinely a
fantastic keyboard and I am really happy
that they have it on here but I'm even
happier that I get to take it
apart there we go before you look in
there don't don't look I want to direct
your attention to these feet instead of
you know just having a small little foot
like they have here in the back they got
Fancy with it and they have these little
mountainous feet with gaps underneath so
air can actually go in here around the
feet there's much easier ways to do this
but I really appreciate that they didn't
do those in here we have some really
impressive upgrade ability we have three
ssd's in here one of them's pcie Gen 5
the other two are Gen 4 and we have four
sodm slots so right here we have got our
Ram this one right here has a total of
64 GB here we have just a single at 5600
megga transfers per second love to see
it there's even some fun little graphite
pads in between all of them look at that
in here we can also see 99.9 wat battery
as is expected in something this large
and Wi-Fi 7 but why we actually came in
here is this Vapor chamber look at the
size of it it goes all the way up here
over to there down around the
corner I have never seen a vapor chamber
that massive before I thought for a
second that it was three Vapor Chambers
here here and here but they tell me no
it's one Vapor chamber all of this is
just shared also have a little chipset
cooler there these massive fans look at
how thick those are Andrew in here we
can see the speakers so we have one woer
there one wer on the back I'm not
totally sure but I'm guessing it's done
so that the force of those two cancel
each other out and we have a little
speaker here so your high notes are
going to bounce off of your tables into
your ear and then it'll sound a lot
wider than it just being speakers on the
top of a laptop that's my guess though I
didn't kill it fantastic they can
continue this tour but what they can't
continue is me knowing how good their
mini LED display is so this will only be
coming with ultra D mini LED display at
120 HZ but this engineering sample sadly
does not have that panel which is too
bad because the best screens that we've
seen this year were mini LED but also
the worst one that I saw was also mini
LED so we'll see how well MSI does in
the future maybe it's good I hope so
just kidding turns out we can look at it
right now MSI has brought us their new
stealth 18 which also features the mini
LED panel we were able to figure it out
for sure by using a backlight test and
being able to see sort of the artifacts
that you get from a mini LED panel not
that they're really artifacts just some
little bit of blooming okay MSI didn't
really want us to do this comparison but
we are anyway here we've got their new
mini LED panel compared to their OLED
panel and the first thing you can notice
is just this one is way brighter the
mini LED is so much brighter than the
OLED but also it is so much less
reflective this has a nice m display on
it I don't know if you can see like the
lights in the background and stuff on
the OLED but this right here nothing at
all what we can see is a little bit of
blooming around like the edges of
objects it isn't just the pitch black
like you can see on this OLED but man
they have done a really good job with
the dimming zones on this mini LED
display so uh I'm happy to say that
based off my eyeballs without any labs
testing or stuff that this mini LED
panel will be in the top tiar of what
we've been seeing and not those bottom
ones once you're done admiring that
panel though you are going to be drawn
to the speakers they have these
incredibly fancy grills down here it's
like the burmister system you'd find in
a Mercedes and let's just see how well
they've
done okay not bad not bad same sort of
thing two speakers four woofers in this
guy right here here and it is pretty
darn loud I do have to say this is also
a good opportunity to see this mini LED
display and like these crabs are just so
bright I love it this right here is also
in a P3 color space so everything's a
little bit over saturated but I'm
guessing we can change it to the correct
color profile in the menu they're
nodding yes yes we can nice now of
course this thing being much thinner and
lighter than the Titan is also not quite
as powerful have 185 wat TDP but now we
have to talk about Intel this right here
has the Intel Ultra 9 processor which is
series 1 not to be confused with series
14 which they are selling at the same
time it is different and apparently on a
new process node called Intel 4 which
you might think is 4 nanomer but it's
actually 7 nanometer but this thing has
a bunch of really cool AI stuff in it
and it supports a whole bunch of apps
with functions that actually make a lot
of sense having AI stuff already built
in for let's say upscaling in Lightroom
noise suppression and audacity AI green
screening and OBS that is really cool
they do have like your standard AI
features like your noise suppressions
and your switching of modes
automatically in here too but seeing all
that stuff that Intel has integrated
into a bunch of other apps makes it feel
much more useful to me all of which to
say that they have managed to get an
Intel Core Ultra 9 185h and a 490 into a
laptop that weighs just 2 let's say 2.8
kg or 6 lb okay 6 lb doesn't sound so
light uh again Titan Titan Titan 18-in
laptop whole kilogram on it 8.03 PB okay
the final thing that MSI is super proud
about I am talking just over the moon
about with the stealth that they have
ambient RGB for the keyboard if you look
here not only is there RGB for every
single key but if you don't want all of
those lit up they have a little strip in
here that gives you ambient light for
your keys so if the RGB on each
individual key is too bright for you you
can still see your keyboard in the dark
with just this right here very cool what
I think is the coolest though is the new
cyborg 14 and it's translucent chassis
look at
that I absolutely love that companies
are having fun with plastics again and
this right here is such a neat little
guy they have had the cyborg series out
for a little bit this is the first time
that it comes with a 14in screen and I
think this right here is going to be a
laptop that makes a lot of sense to a
lot of people this is expected to drop
for around $800 they don't have
finalized pricing yet and for that you
get a 13th Gen processor and a 4 350
this thing right here also is really
nice and light where did my scale go we
are talking 1.6 kg 32 lb that's actually
quite reasonable to have in your
backpack it's so cute it's so nice at
these laptops that once we're I don't
want to call it cheap cuz it's not cheap
but it's pretty inexpensive compared to
like the Titan that we have here it
feels really good when did MSI get so
good at building laptops like like like
look I'm actually like reefing on this
this is really low in your tear and it's
not flexing at all the only metal on
this thing is the back panel but they
had me fooled thinking that this right
here is metal as well
it's pretty darn nice this thing comes
with a 1200p 144 HZ panel and not the
kind of IO problems that you will see on
some other smaller gaming laptops we got
USB type A type c display port but
doesn't look like Thunderbolt h HDMI 2.1
fulls sizee ethernet and on the other
side one more type A and headphone
microphone combo Jack I am super excited
for final pricing of this thing just
like I'm excited show you their
professional laptops here we have msi's
Prestige laptops which you might have
already seen cuz the Embargo already
dropped when this releases but I haven't
seen before this my first time seeing
them right here we have the prestige 16
and the 13 and the incredible thing
about both of these is MSI claim they
will each do 16 hours of continuous
video playback which is just a crazy
amount of time for your battery to last
so this this 13-in we we did see this
last year but it has a
75w battery in this thing it is only
2.14 lb that's under a kilogram yeah
G with a
75w battery and this guy right here has
has a 99.9 W hour battery and it is this
thick like I can just hold this with one
hand no problem really nice and light
and comes with up to a 4070 now it is
only a 65 watt TDP on that 4070 and the
MSI guys were like oh some people were
complain that's really impressive for
how thick this thing is like look at how
much heat sink they have heat sink there
heat sink there there and there around
the side and all of this grading so that
a laptop of this size can be that
powerful this thing comes with a core
Ultra
7155 H processor one of the things
that's kind of surprising about this one
is just the number of holes in it like
we've got emitter emitter that gets you
your windows hello facial recognition we
have our webcam right there with a nice
little shutter and we have two
microphones there and one down by the
keyboard by having all three of these at
once and their fancy AI noise
cancellation whatever apparently they're
able to figure out who's in front of the
laptop to the side of the laptop behind
the laptop and you can sort of using Ai
and maths and stuff figure out exactly
where the user is and just block out
everyone else if you want to or have the
allall talk if you feel like it it's AI
It's Magic it is a little beast and
we've already seen this OLED panel looks
fantastic just like it's fantastic that
MSI sponsored this video thanks
guys MSI also gave us early access to
their new gaming handheld the claw msi's
brand new first ever Intel Core Ultra
powerered handheld gaming PC with a 53w
hour battery up to 1 TB of storage an
inclusion of a thunderbolt four port
there is a lot to love and be excited
about with this bad boy we didn't have
much time with the unit before having to
return it to MSI since it was one of
only two prototypes at the time of
filming so we did get to lab test it or
go in as depth as we were hoping to but
that's only for now stay tuned so we can
get a final retail version in hand and
get some full coverage on it so if you
guys like this video hit like get
subscribed and just have a great old day
I'll see you later maybe actually in
Vegas next time